# Does White Paper Page Count Affect \$ Raised Via ICO?

_By [Michael Rosenberg](mailto:rosenberg.michael.m@gmail.com) and [Michael McCaffrey](mailto:mike@theblockcrypto)._

Contains our work on analyzing the relationship between crypto whitepapers and 
initial close prices. For questions, feel free to contact the authors
[here](mailto:rosenberg.michael.m@gmail.com,mike@theblockcrypto.com).

Repo Contents:

* [`analysis`](analysis): contains our `.Rmd` files for writing this article.

  - [`analysis/wp_ico_final.Rmd`](analysis/wp_ico_final.Rmd): This is our 
  `.Rmd` of our final analysis.
  
  - [`analysis/wp_ico_final_abbreviated.Rmd`](analysis/wp_ico_final_abbreviated.Rmd): 
  This is our `.Rmd` of the abbreviated version of our final analysis. This places the
  mathematical sections of the methodology section in an appendix and shortens the
  *Next Steps* section. This essentially contains our code for the publishable version
  of the report.

* [`code`](code): Contains our code assets for data processing beyond our 
[`analysis`](analysis).

  - [`code/clean_raw_data.r`](code/clean_raw_data.r): Quick script for cutting off
  summary artifacts in our raw dataset ([`../data/raw/wp_ico.csv`](data/raw/wp_ico.csv))
  and saving the post-cutoff dataset in
  [`../data/preprocessed/cleaned_wp_ico.csv`](data/preprocessed/cleaned_wp_ico.csv).
  
* [`data`](data): Contains our raw and interim datasets generated through our analysis
as well as final datasets generated by our reports.

  - [`data/preprocessed`](data/preprocessed): contains our interim datasetes generated
  during our analysis.
  
    + [`data/preprocessed/cleaned_wp_ico.csv`](data/preprocessed/cleaned_wp_ico.csv): the
    version of [`../raw/wp_ico.csv`](data/raw/wp_ico.csv) with all the summary artifacts in
    that raw file removed via [`../../code/clean_raw_data.r`](code/clean_raw_data.r).
    
  - [`data/processed`](data/processed): contains any output datasets generated for post-report
  consumption.
  
    + [`data/processed/coef_table.csv`](data/processed/coef_table.csv): contains the `.csv` version
    of the coefficient table constructed in our reports. A `.html` version of this table is saved in
    [`../../figures/page_count_analysis/coef_table.html`](figures/page_count_analysis/coef_table.html).
    
  - [`data/raw`](data/raw): contains the raw, immutable datasets used for our analysis. All other assets
  in the `data` superdirectory are deemed to be derivatives of this subdirectory.
    
    + [`data/raw/wp_ico.csv`](data/raw/wp_ico.csv): This is the raw dataset used for our analysis. As discussed
    in our report, this dataset was generated using a manual synthesis of data from 
    [Coindesk's ICO Tracker](https://www.coindesk.com/ico-tracker) and white paper `.pdf` checks. For more details
    on how this dataset was constructed, contact [Michael McCaffrey](mailto:mike@theblockcrypto).
    
* [`figures/page_count_analysis`](figures/page_count_analysis)

  - [`figures/page_count_analysis/amount_raised_hist.png`](figures/page_count_analysis/amount_raised_hist.png)
  
  - [`figures/page_count_analysis/coef_table.html`](figures/page_count_analysis/coef_table.html)
  
  - [`figures/page_count_analysis/log_amt_raised_on_page_count.png`](figures/page_count_analysis/log_amt_raised_on_page_count.png)
  
  - [`figures/page_count_analysis/page_count_hist.png`](figures/page_count_analysis/page_count_hist.png)
  
  - [`figures/page_count_analysis/page_count_on_month_of_close.png`](figures/page_count_analysis/page_count_on_month_of_close.png)
  
* [`lit/links`](lit/links)

  - [`lit/links/ico_tracker_website.txt`](lit/links/ico_tracket_website.txt)
  
* [`models`](models)

  - [`models/final_mod_lm.rds`](models/final_mod_lm.rds)
  
* [`reports`](reports)

  - [`reports/wp_ico_final.pdf`](reports/wp_ico_final.pdf)
  
  - [`reports/wp_ico_final_abbreviated.pdf`](reports/wp_ico_final_abbreviated.pdf)
  
* [`.gitignore`](.gitignore)

* [`README.md`](README.md)

* [`r_requirements.txt`](r_requirements.txt)
